What? What's going on?
All equipment
All the raw materials have been replicated
More than 90% of the cuts were reduced to ashes
Ouch, changed it.
Qinghe won the bidding for Dawan Square
If the factory can't deliver it truthfully.
Just didn't wear it.
You're going bankrupt.
Oh, dear.
Grandpa grandpa
Jesus Christ!
Why are you so unfair to my Qiao family?
Hahaha, my Qiao family is just getting better.
Who is so malicious?
Sister, you just took over the position of president
Is it
Qiao Qinghe, no
Mr. Qiao
Did you have a good bonfire party at your factory?
Haha Xu Zihao
scumbag
So dirty
Qiao Qinghe, this is called tit for tat
Today is just a reminder for you
In one day
Don't send the temporary return to the Xu family
Bright Qiao Family Jiangdong Xiaohu
You Jiangdong Xiaohu
What the hell is going on in Qinghe?